ifndef::snippets[]
:snippets: ../../../build/generated-snippets
endif::[]
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:
:site-url: /build/asciidoc/html5/


== 권한 생성
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/authority_create/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/authority_create/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/authority_create/request-fields.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/authority_create/http-response.adoc[]
=== Response parameter
include::{snippets}/authority_create/response-fields.adoc[]

== 권한 목록 조회
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/authority_list/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/authority_list/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/authority_list/http-response.adoc[]
=== Response parameter
include::{snippets}/authority_list/response-fields.adoc[]

== 권한 수정
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/authority_update/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/authority_update/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/authority_update/request-fields.adoc[]
=== Request Path parameter
include::{snippets}/authority_update/path-parameters.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/authority_update/http-response.adoc[]
=== Response parameter
include::{snippets}/authority_update/response-fields.adoc[]

== 권한 삭제
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/authority_delete/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/authority_delete/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Request Path parameter
include::{snippets}/authority_delete/path-parameters.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/authority_delete/http-response.adoc[]

== 회원 가입
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/account_create/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/account_create/request-fields.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/account_create/http-response.adoc[]
=== Response parameter
include::{snippets}/account_create/response-fields.adoc[]

== 회원 탈퇴
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/account_delete/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/account_delete/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/account_delete/http-response.adoc[]

== 계정 권한 변경
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/account_authority_update/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/account_authority_update/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Request Path parameter
include::{snippets}/account_authority_update/path-parameters.adoc[]
=== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/account_authority_update/request-fields.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/account_authority_update/http-response.adoc[]

== 프로필 조회
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/member_me/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/member_me/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/member_me/http-response.adoc[]
=== Response parameter
include::{snippets}/member_me/response-fields.adoc[]

== 구독 목록 조회
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/member_subscribe-list/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/member_subscribe-list/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/member_subscribe-list/http-response.adoc[]
=== Response parameter
include::{snippets}/member_subscribe-list/response-fields.adoc[]

== 회원 조회
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/member/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/member/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Request Path parameter
include::{snippets}/member/path-parameters.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/member/http-response.adoc[]
=== Response parameter
include::{snippets}/member/response-fields.adoc[]

== 회원 목록 조회
=== Request http message
include::{snippets}/member_list/http-request.adoc[]
=== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/member_list/request-headers.adoc[]
=== Response http message
include::{snippets}/member_list/http-response.adoc[]
=== Response parameter
include::{snippets}/member_list/response-fields.adoc[]